#summary PTF Tools: Version history for the "PRTG Tools family".
#labels Featured
#sidebar PTF_Sidebar


http://ptf-prtgaddons.googlecode.com/files/PTF_logo.png [https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=Q3245R67RWV6U http://ptf-prtgaddons.googlecode.com/files/donate2.png]


====Latest versions:====
|| *Application* || *Description* || *Version* || *Date* || *Download* ||
||[#AutoTelnet_version_history AutoTelnet]||Establishes a Telnet connection and is able to auto answer to prompted input||12.4.1.1||04/12/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.AutoTelnet.zip here]||
||[#ChromeAppGen_version_history ChromeAppGen]||Generates a Chrome App to login to your PRTG Server||9.0.1.2||19/09/2011||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.ChromeAppGen.zip here]||
||[#CSVImport_version_history CSVImport]||Generate graphs from your sensor data||9.0.1.1||02/10/2011||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.CSVImport.zip here]||
||[#Distribute_Sensors_version_history Distribute Sensors]||Distribute Sensors to your probes||1.0.3.1||14/02/2011||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.DistributeSensors.zip here]||
||[#GAMetrics_version_history GAMetrics]||Lets you select your Google analytics ID's and metrics||1.0.1.1||03/05/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.GAMetrics.zip here]||
||[#GenCert_version_history GenCert]||Manage certificates for the Azure sensor||9.0.1.1||21/01/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.GenCert.zip here]||
||[#GoogleMap_version_history GoogleMap]||Place PRTG's Google Map and/or Legend on your NOC||9.0.4.1||07/04/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.GoogleMap.zip here]||
||[#ListQueues_version_history ListQueues]||List MSMQ's, Printqueues, Tasks and Eventogs on a given machine||1.0.4.1||20/03/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.ListQueues.zip here]||
||[#MobileAlarms_version_history MobileAlarms]||View errors and warnings on your mobile device||12.4.1.1||04/12/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.MobileAlarms.zip here]||
||[#NotifierGadget_version_history NotifierGadget]||Notifier Gadget for Vista and Win7||8.0.1||29/08/2010||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.NotifierGadget.zip here]||
||[#NotifierGadgetXP_version_history NotifierGadgetXP]||Notifier Gadget Style for Windows XP & Win8||12.4.1.2||25/11/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.NotifierGadgetXP.zip here]||
||[#PRObject_version_history PRObject]||Command line tool to pause, resume or checknow any object||12.2.1.1||23/06/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.PRObject.zip here]||
||[#SyslogListener_version_history SyslogListener]||Listens for syslog events and forwards them in various ways||12.3.3.5||12/09/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.SyslogListenerService.zip here]||
||[#Ticker_version_history Ticker]||Scrolling ticker with alarms and warnings||12.3.1.1||09/07/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.Ticker.zip here]||
||[#Translate_version_history Translation Tool]||Create new language files for PRTG Network Monitor as well as for the !TrayNotifier||2.0.1.1||12/04/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.Translate.zip here]||
||[#TrayNotifier_version_history TrayNotifier]||Windows !TrayNotifier||12.4.1.6||16/12/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.TrayNotifier.zip here]||

=== General ===
All Tools  listed target the _.Net 3.5 Framework_. (unless stated otherwise)


----

==!AutoTelnet version history==
=== Summary ===
!AutoTelnet establishes a Telnet connection and is able to auto answer to prompted input.

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

Parameters:
{{{
-h=   The host name or ip-address to connect to.
-p=   Optional the port number to use (default = 23)
-v=   Optional a comma separated list of variables that are automatically inserted during the session
      ie -v="user name=apc,password=apc"
}}}

In the example above, when prompted for "user name" the answer "apc" is automatically inserted.
Also when prompted for "password" the answer "apc" is automatically inserted.
Variable names are case insensitive, so "Password=apc" gives the same result as "password=apc"
the value itself (apc) is of cause case sensitive.

====12.4.1.1 _04/12/2012_====
 * First public version.

----

==!ChromeAppGen version history==
=== Summary ===
!ChromeAppGen generates a Chrome App to login to your PRTG Server. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_ChromeAppGen details]
 
 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====9.0.1.2 _19/09/2011_====
 * First public version.

----

==CSVImport version history==
=== Summary ===
CSVImport lets you build graphs based on .csv files generated by CVSExport, or by selecting sensors from your PRTG server. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_CSVImport details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====9.0.1.1 _02/10/2011_====
 * Bugfix: with PRTG 9 a read-only user was presented with a corrupted treeview, causing graphs not to be created anymore.
====8.0.4.1 _26/06/2011_====
 * Changed: the export xml now contains more detailed information.
 * New: option to show "month only" on the x-axis.
 * New: option to log errors to disk.
 * Bugfix: several small bug fixes.
====8.0.3.1 _12/05/2011_====
 * New: bar graphs are created when all channels have a "%" unit.
 * New: option to change legend texts from the main menu.
 * New: option to sort channels in the channel selector window.
 * New: changes to the layout of the graph are automatically saved.
 * New: option to load/save the selected time period, sensors and channels from/to a xml file.
 * New: option to fully automate CSVImport. CSVImport takes two parameters, the first one for the import (xml) file and the second one for the output (image) file. E.g. CSVImport “c:\temp\test.xml” “c:\temp\test.png”
====8.0.2.1 _13/04/2011_====
 * New: added an option to show "date only" on the X-Axis
====8.0.1.1 _07/11/2010_====
 * Compiled the CSVImport Tool for PRTG V8

----

==Distribute Sensors version history==
=== Summary ===
PTF Distribute Sensors is a tool used to distribute (updates of) custom sensors to your PRTG Probes. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Distribute_Sensors details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

====1.0.3.1 _14/02/2011_====
 * New: Added support for EXEXML sensors.
 * New: Select multiple sensors to send to your Probes.
 * Changed: Various changes in the userinterface.
 * Changed: moved the installers to !InstallShield
====1.0.2.1 _28/12/2009_====
 * Changed: Although data is send encrypted between GUI and web service, the encryption was always the same. In theory, encrypted credentials could be reused. With this version, the encryption changes in each session, preventing encrypted credentials to be reused.

====1.0.1.1 _07/12/2009_====
 * First public version.

----

==GAMetrics version history==
=== Summary ===
PTF GAMetrics lets you select your Google analytics ID's and metrics. [http://kb.paessler.com/knowledgebase/en/topic/35363-where-do-i-find-my-google-analytics-profile-id#reply-108603 details]
 
 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====1.0.1.1 _03/05/2012_====
 * First public version.

----

==!GenCert version history==
=== Summary ===
PTF !GenCert helps you to generate and install a valid certificate for the Azure sensor. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_GenCert details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====9.0.1.1 _21/01/2012_====
 * First public version.

----

==!GoogleMap version history==
=== Summary ===
PTF !GoogleMap is a tool to show the PRTG Google Map and Legend on your NOC. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_GoogleMap details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

====9.0.4.1 _07/04/2012_====
 * Changed: New html pages for PRTG 9.2
====8.0.3.1 _11/05/2011_====
 * Bugfix: the legend did not automatically refresh.
====8.0.2.1 _22/04/2011_====
 * New: added a section to the .ini file to have texts in the legends translated.
{{{
[translations]
Manchester;MAN
TW20 8RZ;Main office
}}}
====8.0.1.1 _10/04/2011_====
 * First public version.

----


==!ListQueues version history==
=== Summary ===
With this tool you can list MSMQ's, !PrintQueues, Scheduled Tasks and EventLogs on a given Windows computer. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_ListQueues details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====1.0.4.1 _20/03/2011_====
 * New: added option to list Eventlog entries
====1.0.3.1 _17/04/2011_====
 * New: added support for !TaskScheduler V2 (Vista and above)
 * Bugfix: "Show password as plain text" option did not work.
====1.0.2.1 _09/04/2011_====
 * New: added option to list Scheduled Tasks.
====1.0.1.2 _01/03/2011_====
 * Changed: small changes in the user interface.
====1.0.1.1 _16/02/2011_====
 * First public version

----
==!MobileAlarms version history==
=== Summary ===
!MobileAlarms is an asp.net web application that allows you to view errors and warnings on your mobile device, without exposing your PRTG interface to the internet [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_Mobile_Alarms details]
 
 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====12.4.1.1 _04/12/2012_====
 * First public version
----

==!NotifierGadget version history==
=== Summary ===
The !NotifierGadget can be installed on a Vista or Win7 system. The !NotifierGadget provides you with a constant view of the current number of alarms, warnings and paused sensors [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_NotifierGadget details]


 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====8.0.1 _29/08/2010_====
 * Compiled the !NotifierGadget for PRTG V8

----

==NotifierGadgetXP version history==
=== Summary ===
The NotifierGadgetXP can be installed on a Windows XP system or Vista system not running the sidebar. The NotifierGadgetXP provides you with a constant view of the current number of alarms, warnings and paused sensors [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_NotifierGadgetXP details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====12.4.1.2 _25/11/2012_====
 * HTTPS connections now use SSL3
 * Moved the settings file to the launch folder, allowing for multiple instances to run simultaneously
====8.0.1 _29/08/2010_====
 * Compiled the NotifierGadgetXP for PRTG V8

----

==PRObject version history==
=== Summary ===
Command line tool that can pause, resume or checknow any sensor, device, group, probe, notification,... of your PRTG installation
[http://kb.paessler.com/knowledgebase/en/topic/37743-start-or-pause-sensor-from-command-line details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

====12.2.1.1 _23/06/2012_====
 * First public version

----

==!SyslogListener version history==
!SyslogListener targets the _.Net 4.0 Framework_
=== Summary ===
The !SyslogListener listens for syslog events and forwards them to the evenlog, writes them to a csv file or sends an email.
Using various filter options, you can get alerted when a specific event occurs. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_SyslogListener details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

====12.3.5.5 _23/09/2012_====
 * Changed the tool from a desktop application to a Windows Service.
====12.3.5.5 _12/09/2012_====
 * First public version
----


==Ticker version history==
=== Summary ===
The Ticker runs on a Windows Workstation and shows a scrolling text with alarms and warnings.
[http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_Ticker details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

====12.3.1.1 _09/07/2012_====
 * Bugfix: The application did not work with PRTG version 12
====1.0.3.1 _08/11/2011_====
 * First public version

----

==Translate version history==
=== Summary ===
PTF Translate is a tool used to create new language files for PRTG Network Monitor as well as for the !TrayNotifier. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_Translate details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

====2.0.1.1 _12/04/2012_====
 * New: Added support for PRTG V12 language files. When opening an old language file, you are asked to convert it to the new format.
====1.0.6.2 _04/12/2011_====
 * Changed: Moved translator engine from Google Translate to Microsoft Bing Translator as Google no longer supports free (non payed for) translations with its API. (you need to register for a free Microsoft Translator account to get the translator engine working).
 * New: Option to email language files.
 * New: Option to check for variables being correctly implemented in the translated strings.
 * New: Option while merging, to automatically translate new strings that have been translated before.
====1.0.5.1 _06/06/2010_====
 * Changed: Compiled the executable with Visual Studio 2010.
 * Changed: Modified the search for updates.
 * Changed: Build the installer using !InstallShield.

----

==!TrayNotifier version history==
=== Summary ===
The !TrayNotifier is installed in the system tray, presenting the PRTG icon. When an alarm condition occurs, the icon becomes a flashing red dot. Right-clicking the icon, pops up a menu with various actions. [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_Tools_TrayNotifier details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]
====12.4.1.6 _16/12/2012_====
 * New: Option to have the icons of new alarms flashing.
 * New: Option to set the text color of alarms, warnings etc
====12.3.4.4 _05/08/2012_====
 * New: Option to set the fontsize in the alarms window.
 * New: Option to exclude ACKed/warnings/paused sensors.
 * Changed: a maximum of 2000 records are now retreived from PRTG (used to be 500).
 * Various small bug fixes and improvements.
====9.0.2.1 _13/12/2010_====
 * New: Option to not popup the tray balloon when a new alarm occurs
 * Bugfix: HTML decoder did not decode the apostrophe (‘) correctly and showed &apos; instead
====9.0.1.3 _10/10/2010_====
 * Changed: Implemented PRTG9 icons and features.
 * Bugfix: Auto update did not work anymore.
 * Bugfix: Due to the enhanced security in PRTG v9, opening a sensor page from the !TrayNotifier did not work anymore.
====8.0.2.1 _22/03/2010_====
 * Bugfix: Checking for updates did not work anymore and stole the focus from other applications.
 * New: Option to force a SSL3 connection to your PRTG Server
====8.0.1.1 _31/08/2010_====
 * Compiled the !TrayNotifier for PRTG V8

----