#summary PTF Custom Notifications: Overview of PTF Custom Notifications.
#sidebar PTF_Sidebar

http://ptf-prtgaddons.googlecode.com/files/PTF_logo.png [https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=Q3245R67RWV6U http://ptf-prtgaddons.googlecode.com/files/donate2.png]

====Latest versions:====
|| *Notification* || *Version* || *Date* || *Download* ||
||[#Launcher Launcher]||1.0.5.1||12/09/2011||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.Launcher.zip here]||
||[#RSSFeed RSSFeed]||12.4.1.1||15/11/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.RSSFeed.zip here]||
||[#Status2Email Status2Email]||12.3.1.1||16/07/2012||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.Status2Email.zip here]||
||[#Tweet Tweet]||2.0.1.1||18/09/2010||[http://prtg-addons.googlecode.com/files/PTF.Tweet.zip here]||


== General ==
All Custom Notifications listed target the _.Net Framework 2.0_.

----

== Launcher ==
=== Summary ===
PTF launcher is a Custom Notification that can launch external applications. More [PTF_CN_Launcher details]

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

=== Version history === 
====1.0.5.1 _12/09/2011_====
 * Changed: Compiled for both x64 and x86 (see also [http://kb.paessler.com/knowledgebase/en/topic/24733-ptf-launcher-and-dnscmd KB 24733])
====1.0.4.1 _12/09/2010_====
 * Bugfix: Error "-io parameter not wellformatted" is now fixed.
 * Changed: Moved the message folder from "c:\PTF.Launch" to "c:\PRTG Tools Family\PTF.Launch".

----

== RSSFeed ==
=== Summary ===
PTF RSSFeed is an application that alows you to receive alarms in a RSSFeed.

=== Version history ===
====12.4.1.1 _15/11/2012_====
 * First public version

----


== !Status2Email ==
=== Summary ===
PTF !Status2Email is a Custom Notification that sends down and warning sensors by email. More [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_CN_Status2Email details]

See also [http://kb.paessler.com/knowledgebase/en/topic/39053-how-can-i-get-an-hourly-sensor-status-report-email-from-prtg this] KB article.

 back to [#Latest_versions: top]

=== Version history === 
====12.3.1.1 _16/07/2012_====
 * New: Optional parameter -id= to only report on sensors of this device/group/probe. Default is all sensors.
====8.0.3.1 _01/09/2011_====
 * Bugfix: Sending an email always failed, as it tried to connect to a fixed email server.
====8.0.2.1 _29/08/2011_====
 * New: Optional parameter -ss= for sensor statusses that need to be reported. Supported values are d(own), w(arning), p(aused) and u(nusual) e.g. -ss=dwpu (default = dw)

====8.0.1.1 _25/08/2011_====
 * First public version


----

== Tweet ==
=== Summary ===
This Custom Notification is the successor of PTF.Twitter and can be used to send notifications from PRTG to Twitter. More [http://code.google.com/p/prtg-addons/wiki/PTF_CN_Tweet details]

=== Version history ===
====2.0.2.1 _29/09/2010_====
 * Bugfix: The Tweet.exe when run by PRTG could not find it's own .ini file as PRTG does not run the .exe from its own directory.
====2.0.1.1 _18/09/2010_====
 * Changed: Logon procedure to Twitter has changed, you first have to register PTF.Tweet with your Twitter account using the -r parameter.